.TH PIGAME 1 "April 2025" "pigame 1.7.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
pigame \- How many decimals of π can you remember?
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pigame
[\fB\-v\fR]
[\fB\-p\fR \fILENGTH\fR]
[\fB\-V\fR]
[\fB\-c\fR]
[\fB\-\-practice\fR]
[\fB\-\-practice-mode\fR \fIMODE\fR]
[\fB\-\-min-digits\fR \fIN\fR]
[\fB\-\-max-digits\fR \fIN\fR]
[\fB\-\-chunk-size\fR \fIN\fR]
[\fB\-\-time-limit\fR \fIN\fR]
[\fB\-\-visual-aid\fR]
[\fB\-\-no-visual-aid\fR]
[\fB\-\-stats\fR]
[\fB\-\-config\fR]
[\fIYOUR_PI\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pigame
is a tool to help you memorize the digits of π (pi). It calculates π to a specified number of decimal places and compares it with your input.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-v
Increase verbosity, showing more detailed output.
.TP
.BR \-p " " \fILENGTH\fR
Calculate and show π with LENGTH number of decimals.
.TP
.BR \-V
Display version information.
.TP
.BR \-c
Color-blind mode (use underscores instead of color).
.TP
.BR \-\-list
Show available implementations.
.TP
.BR \-\-practice
Start interactive practice mode for memorizing digits.
.TP
.BR \-\-practice-mode " " \fIMODE\fR
Select practice mode strategy. Available modes: standard, timed, chunk.
.TP
.BR \-\-min-digits " " \fIN\fR
Set minimum starting digits for practice.
.TP
.BR \-\-max-digits " " \fIN\fR
Set maximum digits to practice.
.TP
.BR \-\-chunk-size " " \fIN\fR
Set size of chunks in chunk practice mode.
.TP
.BR \-\-time-limit " " \fIN\fR
Set time limit in seconds for timed practice mode.
.TP
.BR \-\-visual-aid
Enable visual progress indicators in practice mode.
.TP
.BR \-\-no-visual-aid
Disable visual progress indicators in practice mode.
.TP
.BR \-\-stats
Show your practice statistics.
.TP
.BR \-\-config
Configure practice mode settings interactively.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.BR "pigame 3.14159"
Compare your input "3.14159" with the calculated value of π.
.TP
.BR "pigame \-v 3.14159"
Compare your input with verbose output.
.TP
.BR "pigame \-p 25"
Display π with 25 decimal places.
.TP
.BR "pigame \-v \-p 25"
Display π with 25 decimal places with verbose output.
.TP
.BR "pigame \-\-practice"
Start interactive practice mode to memorize π digits.
.TP
.BR "pigame \-\-stats"
Display your practice statistics and progress.
.TP
.BR "pigame \-\-practice \-\-practice-mode timed"
Start timed practice mode with countdown.
.TP
.BR "pigame \-\-practice \-\-practice-mode chunk"
Start chunk-based practice mode.
.TP
.BR "pigame \-\-config"
Configure practice mode settings interactively.
.SH IMPLEMENTATIONS
PIGAME comes in three implementations:
.TP
.B bash
Original implementation, requires bc for calculation.
.TP
.B c
Fast C implementation.
.TP
.B python
Python implementation with enhanced features.
.PP
To select an implementation, set the PIGAME_IMPLEMENTATION environment variable:
.PP
.nf
.RS
export PIGAME_IMPLEMENTATION=c
pigame 3.14159
.RE
.fi
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /usr/local/bin/pigame
The main executable script.
.TP
.I /usr/local/share/pigame/
Directory containing the implementation files.
.TP
.I ~/.pigame/
Directory containing user practice statistics, configuration, and session history.
.TP
.I ~/.pigame/stats.json
Statistics and history of practice sessions.
.TP
.I ~/.pigame/config.json
Configuration settings for practice mode.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.BR 0
Success.
.TP
.BR 1
General errors.
.SH AUTHOR
Thomas J. Dyhr
.SH SEE ALSO
bc(1)
.SH BUGS
Report bugs to https://github.com/docdyhr/pigame/issues
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2022-2025 Thomas J. Dyhr.
License MIT: https://github.com/docdyhr/pigame/blob/master/LICENSE
